[FLINK-14007][python][docs] Add documentation for how to use Java user-defined source/sink in Python API (#10515)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/sourceSinks.md

For a type-safe, programmatic approach with explanatory Scaladoc/Javadoc, the Table & SQL API offers descriptors in `org.apache.flink.table.descriptors` that translate into string-based properties. See the [built-in descriptors](connect.html) for sources, sinks, and formats as a reference.

<div class="codetabs" markdown="1">
<div data-lang="java" markdown="1">

> A connector for `MySystem` in our example can extend `ConnectorDescriptor` as shown below:

Reviewer: This isn't exactly true, the class MySystem doesn't extend ConnectorDescriptor. What about: 

> A custom descriptor can be defined by implementing the `ConnectorDescriptor` interface.

Reviewer: I realize this isn't strictly part of this ticket but since you're moving this sentence around its a good chance to clean up another sentence in the docs.

Author: The `ConnectorDescriptor` is an abstract class. Maybe we should change the descriptions to : A custom descriptor can be defined by extending the `ConnectorDescriptor` class?

Reviewer: You’re right.

  }
}
{% endhighlight %}

> The descriptor can then be used in the API as follows:

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
The descriptor can then be used to create a table in the table environment.
```

Author: How about "create a table with the table environment"?

Reviewer: Sounds good

  .inAppendMode()
  .createTemporaryTable("MySystemTable")
{% endhighlight %}

</div>

<div data-lang="python" markdown="1">

> You can also use the Java TableFactory in Python. A default `CustomConnectorDescriptor` python class has been provided and you can use it in the API as follows:

Reviewer: You can use a Java `TableFactory` from Python using the `CustomConnectorDescriptor`.
